So we're gonna go ahead and start, I'm actually just some few questions and some other questions.
First of all, can you say your name and the date.
And today's date is the seven. It is the seventh of July.
When were you born.
I was born October of 1997, and, and,
where'd you grow up.
I grew up in Canada In Canada, all right.
And so you've lived in DC all your life. Yes. Okay.
And now you are going to work, school, because I always mess it up.
Cuz I always say Liberty don't know where it is in Pennsylvania, is in Pennsylvania. And what do you want to do.
Well, I want to do two things. First, I want to be athletic trainer, like fit do physical therapy with the sports, because I like sports. And then I want to do, like, mass communications radio broadcaster, how did you get interested in, because I like
talk, you know, that's how I always see you talking. And where your parents both born here in DC. Yeah.
And then now she works with like special needs children.
Really, I didn't know that my daughter has special needs. So what are they do there.
Um, they do like different activities is like a day camp kind of thing or do they stay there. How does it is this like a daycare me. Oh, what ages.
I'm not sure, you know, it's no, it's all ages because it's babies. And, you know, up to like is it adults to know that oh like separate like a to like 1213.
Yeah, but yeah I used to be like, like that teen moms and for people that's like my.
Gotcha. Okay, they got abused and stuff like different stuff happened.
Oh in a life or whatever the case may be. They live there after Yeah, once they go there yeah they live. They live. They live.
Okay, all the children lady. Okay, I'm gonna close the refrigerator because this is starting to make a whole lot of noise.
And then the other pieces, what is your.
What does your dad do.
My dad.
He worked for Home Depot, that's all. That's all. Okay, well as I will go with.
And then the other thing I wanted to ask you about is, Are you excited about leaving DC.
Yes, why cuz I just want to get, you know, get out of DC, I'll be here just to try something new. Yeah. And see, certainly, don't be around the same people that meet new people.
So how long have you lived in Canada for 14 years. Are you okay, where do you live before Do you remember. Yes, I lived in southeast south in Kenilworth is north the North dislike over the bridge.
Okay.
Tell me about your, your house, your apartment. I live in a house. Oh good.
But what about it. How big is it is it just your your mom. Oh, is it me or not, isn't me, it just me my mom.
And that's why you like to talk because you don't have to buy a house Oh, best you can.
Okay. Tell me about your neighborhood are you really close to people in your neighborhood. Is it a small neighborhood neighborhood. Oh yeah, I'm really close like.
I like to get people involved in different activities that we have, because at the runner office, and my mother, the Vice President, so like she just do stuff in the community, like pass out flyers for different events with my head.
So I'm like the team advocate for the community. Yeah. Okay, since I'm a vice president. So what do you do, like, what's your role like do you get the youth involved.
Yeah, I get the US number of like anything like I say anything, any event that we have.
Moving I actually change the time, even for, like, you know what I work with for the summer, I try to get people, but a lot of stuff they don't want to do what Okay, so two things what is like, I don't have heard of.
I've heard of. Just because like, tell me you've mentioned it to mention it but what is it specifically like what is a program or what do you do.
Oh, it's the summer program like it's supposed to be for people that live in DC housing sections like certain quarter.
Odd all around whoever's under DC housing, and it's like for you so you can get the US so you can get a job. So you get you get money. Yeah, we were, we work for them, instead of like si P.
So why does. Okay, so what's the difference between SYUPM and Syp is for all workers is only for people that live under DC house and properties.
Gotcha. Okay. And is it like so you can be any age or is it just teenagers know teenagers do that yeah teenagers and he stopped 18. So you work for, or yeah so you don't do that's why I know.
Okay, so how did you come to the will map. Well I used to go in, so I wanted always like workforce for for a summer job. And my first year at a Santa were Syp.
And just in case I don't get the job like that No, nothing about it, you're saying right sign in a valley some of those like, you know, go to Syp center for them, just in case.
One was here, then level might be somewhere else, like many babies, different organization, yeah different organization and we do interviews we had to get get the interviews and we had a call on like a real job, we had a call and Mr.
And say instead of an interview, you know, and then you go to the interviews. And then after that we come back to like a workshop and then they tell us where they going places it.
Okay. You do the interviews, it doesn't even matter if you like didn't do well and when they go in place you where they want you to be, yeah, okay, dependent on what the company has said about you know, they got do evaluation sheet for us.
Okay, for each interview we'll give you feedback, like, Oh, this is what you did well at this place this is what you need to improve on. Oh no, not angry no feedback now.
I just wrote it on a paper, so they don't come here.
And so you've been work how many years have you been like doing summer work with that, for, for, for the year. So you started as a freshman.
And then, how long did you go to the club before you were working at a club.
About 11 years you've been at, but yeah, since I was little.
Yes, yes, I was here so you know, I will they can't borrow everything so you know everybody like you have a lot of history. Yeah. What was your favorite memory.
I liked it really was my first time I was scared.
Cuz cuz it oh man classes that are ski.
I've only been there one time, but it's absolutely beautiful.
I was ready to go home I was crying because it was scary.
Video is kind of scary. Yeah, I was scared but after a while, I got used to and then I kept going back. How many years did you like to throw this angle that oh because you have to be older to go yeah and then the clothes and all that stuff.
Alright, so
are you close with your grandparents. Yes. You're out of your mom parents. Yes. Well, my mother's mother and my grandmother, your grandmother, she live in a city.
No. She lives in Roanoke. Oh, do you go visit her often, or does she come here often, she come here like she come here every year for my birthday. When is your birthday.
October.
So she come you have like a little party. Yeah, like if I have some, but now you're gonna be in Pennsylvania, you come home for your birthday. Do you plan to come home a lot.
Yeah, don't do on the weekends for don't do that, like not that far, but the first No, that's what the whole experience is about getting away the first maybe the first month or two to come home but trust me after you get that freedom and you have new
new friends you don't want to come on just me. That's how college is like you are so scared I want to go see all my friends, but all your friends are doing other stuff too.
So okay so since we can talk about causes talk about high school little bit what high school did you go to our
se. Now where's.
Ne, ne capital O like right I am now from the stadium. Yes. Okay.
Did you like it. Yeah, I liked it.
So, I know in DC one of the big things is like what high school you went to like why is that such a big deal about like what high school you went like I go to this high school I went to this high school people are like, I was somewhere yesterday, and
the guy was like, Yeah, I went to high heat this guy's like 45 he's like yeah I went to Largo like or this other guys like I went to the loo like why don't people identify with what high school you went to, so you can know like you support you support
your school. And there's this like a memory, like that you went to that high school.
Do people like if you go to a different high school doesn't make a difference if you from one versus the other. Sometimes they be your trade, you know, you go on a desk or you just go on a desk desk who say I want to, but like I'm saying so you okay you
gotta do have before like other Baloo Baloo.
Why, because of a bad.
Oh, you'll have like battles. Yeah, we have a good Banda here, you know, what did you what other activities that you do in school, I play volleyball.
Oh, what did you do for track at the hundred meter. And then I did like most of the field events. Okay.
I did feel it attracted feel like three days and then I quit.
It was, it was a bad situation we will talk about that yeah and then volleyball, a day for you. Are you gonna do it in college. Yeah. Did you get a sport scholarship.
No, I didn't get a scholarship for that.
Did you get any scholarships.
Oh good, but also now you just trying to get extra spending money. No, I'm trying to get some money for scholarships for more like more scholarship money, because it's not, it's not enough.
It's something, some better than that. That's true. For some people paying all of it out of their pocket.
What else did you do in high school, you really did you have like a favorite subject. Did you like school did you hate school now like school.
And they're like, Man, this thing. And I like science.
Why you don't like me, because it was just too much like it was certain stuff, you know you'd like I didn't know.
So I always I needed help, but my volleyball coach was my math teacher, so I went the Power Hour with her. And then what the practice, so he had to go to power order for you to go to practice.
Did you have to have a certain GPA to play a 2.0 Yeah.
Did you have a 2.0. Yeah, above that. Oh good, like two points, it was, it was close to three point.
It was like 2.77. Okay.
Amen.
He said science was your favorite any particular type of science or science in general, this science because I liked all hands on, like, what was your favorite thing you're the like the experiment.
What was your favorite one. Um, oh no I can remember, but do you have them here when they do like steam steam, no you don't do any of that you just sit at the front desk.
It will help.
Okay, so you like to do the administrative you like to keep the club running for the summer is like, okay, so you can't go like do stuff when I can. Yeah, they need me, me, me, me with the key, because I like the case to see you go, do you go on field
trips. Yeah, some of them What are you going on a college tour. No, no, you're already going to college me what you need to go on a college tour.
So you said you're only, you're only child, do you have any other family that's close that you're close to my
mom's here already. Yeah.
My grandmother, those are sister says about like for Emily rbR glinting like big family reunions or family dinner. Now, we, we never had never really.
There are no, we should, but we do have dinners, have not often like special events like Thanksgiving. Yeah.
Do they all come here do you go there.
No we go two miles, where she.
She just moved to Metro towns, because the value of it.
Like northeast is, is by may face across the street.
So my man from DC so you got to kind of explain, so my mother moving to the, she moving.
When you leave some for parties.
Yeah, still living in but she's moving out of nowhere. Yeah, okay, where she moved to the same place, which would be cool okay we got our address and stuff but she's was people.
Oh cool. Now,
Oh cool. Now, do you go to like any Do you do church, do you go to church.
First of all, the church.
Oh yes, I've been there a couple of Zion we just me.
Oh you do okay so you go to the church that.
Yeah. Gotcha. Okay.
Do you have, um, I don't even know for a while. Because my, my gamma.
They started the, and we started for an ever campus is the is there was a larger where it was like an office buildings, as we started it, then we got a new place, and that's where we are now.
Is it a bigger year a lot of members. Yes, a lot of members. Yeah.
So you are you're building a church, you're going to stay in that church, nobody knows they probably gonna keep that our pastor, he cool with the other one, because it's too I'm surprised especially Glenn are in the worship center, I forgot.
It's not too far.
It's right off before 95 right off the Beltway.
I think that's the one I went to.
Anyway, is that it's big, it's bigger than that would be. Yeah, I think that's the one I went to my guess like a B. Yeah, that's what I merge it, that's what yeah merge it was no single the gospel Gaga thing.
I've never heard of that.
Yeah, that's what we.
That's what we hammers it like a while ago when I was doing but it sounds says now I'm gonna move it, it'd be at the other campus in Florida.
Okay. So speaking of gogo because that is a very DC thing like before I came here to college I had never heard of a Go, go, I was like what and when I was in a hate it like this music is getting on my nerves now kind of like it.
Are you go golfing.
Listen to me.
Listen to what's your favorite type of music that I like r&b.
I like r&b. On the but isn't a lot of double don't I do a lot of covers of r&b songs. Yeah, but it's just like the beat. Sometimes you just get everything. The Congo, and all that.
Just again, everything. Yeah, so you like RMB do a lot of parties and stuff. Do you go out a lot here, like where I'm like when I was young, I wanted to DC stars, was that it was like this young Google thing like bands Come on the.
Close to DC house.
Was it sums or quarter, is it over there by that area yes yes we had, we had a club over there one point clubhouse to miss Whitney use the word before she came here, and then looks at two summers ago, three years ago remember when David lived here for
the summer is working.
summer working. What do you hang out with your friends.
I have a lot of friends.
When I got school for them when they went to the same high school. Yeah, that's it, and only person that really talked to enable is is also in Canada.
Yeah, she also.
Yeah.
Okay, and that the army in the neighborhood and then yeah both decide to work here, or.
Now we met and they were like it was long time ago, when he was young.
So yeah, I've known each other for like just became friends, not as have asthma.
Oh.
Okay, so have Jeremy, a row kid over around, you just hanging out. Yeah, neighbors, neighbors, neighbors, and then we start playing whichever cuz I wait wait no friends was literally.
And then we start playing with each other, because I we had no friends was literally. No, nobody was really around it for, it was like oh grownups, and then people moved out and then.
But I missed the opener.
Was it was like, you know, it wasn't too much drama, like now is people moved in and does too much. What do you mean like what are they doing, fire, everything.
Do you feel like you say, No, it's not wanna just, is it like drill know, like, just guns is it just people like whatever you unite you could think of.
That's what they known around me.
Is this sometimes it'd be a little quiet, like the sheep Be quiet, but other times I will be on.
And they're really remember we lie, you know, I'm just walking around just walking around, because I like walking so I'll be walking around like anybody gonna do an anime.
And for me, and they know me. So, would they go Do you feel like people in a neighborhood protect each other. Yeah. Yeah, we do, but you never know what could happen so.
So if it's like other people who come in, so most of the violence is stuff that happens is people who come in from the outside. Yeah. Sometimes there isn't like turf like is it battle like is it turf wars.
I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is even some ideas from our neighborhood to them already some to us. I don't know, for them to come around and even shoot up the place over.
Have you like your I'm saying like at one point did you ever feel like something was gonna happen to you or never. Yeah, I mean, I don't, I wouldn't know because anything carpet in time so it could be one day, you never know, but I can just walk you ever
ever it was every time you felt like really scared like oh my god something's going to happen. No, no, no, no, no, cuz you can't. You can't escape because you're no you don't know what can happen, Right.
Because if you scared and there's no point in me going I was walking into your prison in your own home. Yeah, so this is why.
Go ahead and go off at the walk to work. No, take
a long walk.
I mean I walked to Minnesota from my house, but not as a blocking this morning.
But it was a lot of carbohydrates I couldn't stop but I saw her walking shoes by Minnesota. Right. You know where that little whatever that building yeah like I say if I'm all Minnesota and the bust cycle Albuquerque, does not therefore, oh I walk from
my house to themselves, they get on the bus is one of the other day, actually when it's cold.
I know next year.
My other questions, I just want to ask a couple more.
So your first job was, or did you have any other jobs.
Oh yeah, I worked that well now.
Now, I started working it
was that there's also a bonus role like you have different parties and stuff.
It's like a, like a builder that you just run it out. Yeah, but we do outside of it because it's the moon bounce and stuff like moon bounce ice cream machine candy machine for things like you've done a lot of work with kids, but are you but you're not
going into, like, education or something like that you're going into sport. So how did you go from. Why do you do all your work with kids but you going into something totally different.
This, I mean, this is like the set this up. Yeah.
I'm not me so it's like I said, basically, after work with the kids and then I want to do something nice to just in case anybody tell me that, like, I'm the teacher.
Well, I don't see myself as a teacher, because I'm just hearing all your stuff that you do with the kids but I mean you have a good administrators. I will say you do a lot of good administrative work like keeping stuff, you know, stuff that we just don't
have time to do like the lunch snack thing that you know women.
So I can see you doing strong like you do strongly with the administrative stuff but you also do really really good with the kids. That's why I'm just surprised that you know you're going into sports and when I'm not surprised about the broadcast and
part.
What do you think your, what are you looking forward to the most in college.
This getting migraines and meeting new people, what do you what do you the most scared about leaving Ey, even I want to get away,
because I've been here for my life life.
I have but I just I just, just to call it, not like all around. So how's it going to be when you can just get on the metro and go some way or you can get on the bus, I mean they got a shuttle bus, that's a good places, but it's nothing like I won't have
my car to make sure it is like city. It is not like DC. Now it's not like DC, they keep talking about is like the server.
No, it's not like a rural area like is not like that. Because when I've been adding see like that, like, you know, like you're on a farm or something.
No, it looks like city is like city city, to me, is not the same but it's like city.
So you're not doors. It doesn't say stores like right across the street or not that far and then Walmart is 20 minutes away so that means the city if it's warmer.
Yes, their Starbucks, oh no you don't drink.
I don't drink. Okay, that's always my, my requirement, but I don't know, I don't know, it might disclose that the more I need to know the more. Yes, I know, I know why this 20 minutes away and the shuttle bus taking you know because your first year you
can no car.
Oh that's their rule. Yeah.
But if you do like, like say for, and I get like a, you know, like a certain grade point average, I think you have it, you know I'm saying, So like your first year.
Yeah, basically. So what sort of fall semester might be after the fall semester I might be able to bring my car for the spring and the rest of the campus.
Yeah.
roommate. Yeah, it's your first time, you only Chow, are you excited about it. Yeah, cuz, cuz it's like, like the last like a sister to me.
Yeah, like a sister, not literally but, right, like a sister. Is it like a mixed campus is it black and white is just black not its own i'm not sure i think it's like Vanna White.
black yeah it's mostly back but they, they said it's some reason why do you feel like, let's go back to that for a second because right now all the stuff that's going on we especially like black men do differ like the city default like this a lot of racism
in the city, and DC.
Do you know OCDMI sometimes Yeah, like what, why, what do you see, like when we go to the stores.
They might think, Oh, I'm a girl though it might still think I'm better six or seven in the store.
I get them 711, maybe thinking about this deal.
So it's not even like white and black is like other cultures and other races that feel we're gonna do something because you black. Yeah.
Do you see that in like certain parts of town more like if you got one kid award that's kind of like mostly black right. Yeah, but if you go let's say uptown or you go to Columbia Heights or you go, se or Northwest Do you feel like certain groups when
you go certain places they look at you differently.
Yeah, I mean, I'm not sure because I haven't like been in the stores that she just, like, wherever that she just name, I haven't been like the stores in the area.
I'm not sure, but it'd be like Japan A or B.
I'm not sure, but it'd be like Japan a or they sometimes they do sometimes they don't like life UX down for extra cheese or whatever edge play every game may this put it on my end my bow,
where we're, like, just falling anywhere, anywhere, the Mexicans.
So you've had just different interaction Yeah, yeah, cuz I was arguing with the lady.
The message he was this is some, this is some, this is some notes, like about this Saturday I just tell me what she gonna charge me for the salad dressing.
I say if you get a bone, you don't have to pay.
I'm getting a bow, you don't have to pay, Tom I told me it was $1, and why I gave her $1 right. So, this is an Eastern Market. If you know the people that were sitting down.
I said did you have to pay for your suggestion she was like, No, I was like, as I said, Ma'am, they just saw me that I didn't have to pay for. So we will have to pay for the salad dressing.
She's awesome is a doll is the daughter I say No, they didn't pay for. So give me my money back. Wow look like you know how you just because like the cashier you can be like on the side.
I look on the side, I see the doll is still sitting right there so you didn't even put it in, in a drawer, you was gonna pocket it
this year.
Yeah.
The lady was don't take your dog, I knew she was, she was probably a little pocket because how come you put it in a drawer yet the draw had been open, you know, since that since I have been talking, since I was talking to the lady.
I know had been opened a cover song because people was leaving out, you know what they what they food.
So why didn't you put the dollar in the drawer yet, which which was okay with to the cashier.
Yeah, yeah.
All kinds of salad yes and they put me out with everything on it puts you out. Yes, because I was, you know, in a store like I didn't have to pay for this.
Or they put you out. Yes, because I was, you know, in a store like I didn't have to pay for this. So like you can't go back or just that one day. Now I was just that day. Oh ok, cuz I was still going back one you can walk into stores. Okay. No.
Where do you hang out mostly like these day in cuz that was Eastern Market these day in my keyboard. No, no I go places because every day is nothing around it over, where do you, where's your like most frequent hangout spot, Eastern Market.
Union Station, like in the area by my school, basically, that's the only place that I really liked hanging out, you essentially got those me, you know somebody else told me this and I just, like, everything you know.
McDonald's, all it deployed a potbelly all so
Yeah, like when I was a. I used to hang out there all the time because it was a middle school, middle school, high. Yeah. I used to go right there is a station.
Like every day.
Somebody else said that, and that's been people have been there for a while because she was an older lady who told me about Union Station like she was like, 45, and she's like what her sisters and her friend.
Yeah, that's the Hangout. That's the hangout and Eastern Market. Yep, Eastern Market, what do you do at Eastern Market I always just go.
And then I used to work right there to where.
Yeah.
But there, there are no Walt Walt Whitman now right in.
Somebody else was talking was about a news article or something I was reading about this now what Walt Whitman to do like a larger to focus large because they don't just focus on teens anymore it's like a whole community outreach thing, and then what
about. Have you ever have sweet lobby cupcakes.
Nice I'm happy to get you one for doing my interview I think it's from it's right on
right off a Pennsylvania, you know where the Dunkin Donuts is.
So you go in, you go by the barracks.
Oh, nice and see I'm coming on the other side by right off a Pennsylvania, yeah by the way and metro station, yes right there. Oh, yes. Okay, so the subway.
It's a cupcake place they want Cupcake Wars it's a black, it must be on the side, it's a small, it's tiny like it's smaller than this room, like the store part, but the cupcakes are so good.
What's your favorite kind of cookie.
Where will we knew you were gonna say reveal.
I'm gonna bring you some different I'm not gonna bring you like chocolate chip. Awesome. Like, I know I want to discover my face, Africa, name of, but it was in New York.
You like, I know I want to discover my face. I forgot the name of what it was in New York. We were just walking you know me, I stopped my oldest boy. And then it was like Mother's Day weekend, you know with the New York.
So let me go here, see if I can see some for my mom because you just, you go ahead and cupcakes for about a big thing.
Now there was this image make this imagery. Okay. With the new york so yeah, we went to coke a place, and had this big tray and it was little. It was little teeny cupcakes.
So I like that. I wonder if that's the same place because when I when I was in New York style with an M. I think it's called Melissa is made it's like a theater.
Oh, I'm not sure, but it was like close to Broadway area right yeah because I was by Macy's, when I went to a show, we went to this cupcake place and you can get there really Oh, Yeah, it's calling Melissa.
And we had like we bought, because you can buy yeah i got i got three, and you can just and I was just trying. Yo, and then I bought a little big train and come with a nice little box and hey like rainbow, like a little rainbow.
Yes, there were some there were quick the chocolate to.
It was like cotton candy.
And
it was good to talk to one was real good. Make sense so I got some I got like a caramel peanut butter, peanut peanut butter caramel PK can.
Good. It was good, it was expensive but cupcake like that's how people making money they're making money on these cuts, it was $3 one month.
I think it was about, oh, how little the cupcake oh yeah I know, right I don't like the dialer but then like really you get in line for for that Salinger she missed your cupcake game.
She missed your cupcake game. All right so last couple of things that I want to ask you, do you have a favorite restaurant besides to Poland and Papa, oh yeah I like Friday.
Fridays, I like the most is my favorite.
Yay.
I put it on my chicken nuggets you know how they can do it